now Josiah had kept a Passover to the
now Josiah had kept a Passover to the Lord in Jerusalem and they slaughtered
Lord in Jerusalem and they slaughtered
Lord in Jerusalem and they slaughtered the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day
the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day
the Passover lambs on the fourteenth day of the first month and he set the
of the first month and he set the
of the first month and he set the priests in their duties and encouraged
priests in their duties and encouraged
priests in their duties and encouraged them for the service of the house of the
them for the service of the house of the
them for the service of the house of the Lord then he said to the Levites who
Lord then he said to the Levites who
Lord then he said to the Levites who taught all Israel who were holy to the
taught all Israel who were holy to the
taught all Israel who were holy to the Lord puts the holy ark in the house
Lord puts the holy ark in the house
Lord puts the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of
which Solomon the son of David king of
which Solomon the son of David king of Israel built it shall no longer be a
Israel built it shall no longer be a
Israel built it shall no longer be a burden on your shoulders now serve the
burden on your shoulders now serve the
burden on your shoulders now serve the Lord your God and his people Israel
Lord your God and his people Israel
Lord your God and his people Israel prepare yourselves according to your
prepare yourselves according to your
prepare yourselves according to your father's houses according to your
father's houses according to your
father's houses according to your divisions following the written
divisions following the written
divisions following the written instruction of David king of Israel
instruction of David king of Israel
instruction of David king of Israel and the written instruction of Solomon
and the written instruction of Solomon
and the written instruction of Solomon his son and stand in the Holy Place
his son and stand in the Holy Place
his son and stand in the Holy Place according to the divisions of the
according to the divisions of the
according to the divisions of the father's houses of your brethren the lay
father's houses of your brethren the lay
father's houses of your brethren the lay people and according to the division of
people and according to the division of
people and according to the division of the father's house of the Levites so
the father's house of the Levites so
the father's house of the Levites so slaughter the Passover offerings
slaughter the Passover offerings
slaughter the Passover offerings consecrate yourselves and prepare them
consecrate yourselves and prepare them
consecrate yourselves and prepare them for your brethren that they may do
for your brethren that they may do
for your brethren that they may do according to the word of the Lord by the
according to the word of the Lord by the
according to the word of the Lord by the hand of Moses then Josiah gave the
hand of Moses then Josiah gave the
hand of Moses then Josiah gave the laypeople lambs and young goats from the
laypeople lambs and young goats from the
laypeople lambs and young goats from the flock all for Passover offerings for all
flock all for Passover offerings for all
flock all for Passover offerings for all who were present to the number of 30,000
who were present to the number of 30,000
who were present to the number of 30,000 as well as 3,000 cattle these were from
as well as 3,000 cattle these were from
as well as 3,000 cattle these were from the Kings possessions and his leaders
the Kings possessions and his leaders
the Kings possessions and his leaders gave willingly to the people to the
gave willingly to the people to the
gave willingly to the people to the priests and the Levites yo Chaya
priests and the Levites yo Chaya
priests and the Levites yo Chaya Zechariah and Jehiel rulers of the house
Zechariah and Jehiel rulers of the house
Zechariah and Jehiel rulers of the house of God gave to the priests for the
of God gave to the priests for the
of God gave to the priests for the Passover offerings 2,600 from the flock
Passover offerings 2,600 from the flock
Passover offerings 2,600 from the flock and 300 cattle also can Anaya his
and 300 cattle also can Anaya his
and 300 cattle also can Anaya his brothers she mayor and Nathanael and
brothers she mayor and Nathanael and
brothers she mayor and Nathanael and hash abaya
hash abaya
hash abaya and Jil and Jezebel chief of the Levites
and Jil and Jezebel chief of the Levites
and Jil and Jezebel chief of the Levites gave to the Levites for Passover
gave to the Levites for Passover
gave to the Levites for Passover offerings five thousand from the flock
offerings five thousand from the flock
offerings five thousand from the flock and five hundred cattle
and five hundred cattle
and five hundred cattle so the service was prepared and the
so the service was prepared and the
so the service was prepared and the priests stood in their places and the
priests stood in their places and the
priests stood in their places and the Levites in their divisions according to
Levites in their divisions according to
Levites in their divisions according to the Kings command and they slaughtered
the Kings command and they slaughtered
the Kings command and they slaughtered the Passover offerings and the priests
the Passover offerings and the priests
the Passover offerings and the priests sprinkled the blood with their hands
sprinkled the blood with their hands
sprinkled the blood with their hands while the Levites skinned the animals
while the Levites skinned the animals
while the Levites skinned the animals then they remove the burnt offerings
then they remove the burnt offerings
then they remove the burnt offerings that they might give them to the
that they might give them to the
that they might give them to the divisions of the father's houses of the
divisions of the father's houses of the
divisions of the father's houses of the lay people to offer to the Lord as it is
lay people to offer to the Lord as it is
lay people to offer to the Lord as it is written in the book of Moses and so they
written in the book of Moses and so they
written in the book of Moses and so they did with the cattle also they roasted
did with the cattle also they roasted
did with the cattle also they roasted the Passover offerings with fire
the Passover offerings with fire
the Passover offerings with fire according to the ordinance but the other
according to the ordinance but the other
according to the ordinance but the other holy offerings they boiled in pots in
holy offerings they boiled in pots in
holy offerings they boiled in pots in cauldrons and in pans and divided them
cauldrons and in pans and divided them
cauldrons and in pans and divided them quickly among all the laypeople and
quickly among all the laypeople and
quickly among all the laypeople and afterward they prepared portions for
afterward they prepared portions for
afterward they prepared portions for themselves and for the priests because
themselves and for the priests because
themselves and for the priests because the priests the sons of Aaron were busy
the priests the sons of Aaron were busy
the priests the sons of Aaron were busy in offering burnt offerings and fat
in offering burnt offerings and fat
in offering burnt offerings and fat until night therefore the Levites
until night therefore the Levites
until night therefore the Levites prepared portions for themselves and for
prepared portions for themselves and for
prepared portions for themselves and for the priests the sons of air and the
the priests the sons of air and the
the priests the sons of air and the singers the sons of Asaph were in their
singers the sons of Asaph were in their
singers the sons of Asaph were in their places according to the command of David
places according to the command of David
places according to the command of David Asaph Heymann and juju 'then the king's
Asaph Heymann and juju 'then the king's
Asaph Heymann and juju 'then the king's seer also the gatekeepers were at each
seer also the gatekeepers were at each
seer also the gatekeepers were at each gate they did not have to leave their
gate they did not have to leave their
gate they did not have to leave their position because their brethren the
position because their brethren the
position because their brethren the Levites prepared portions for them so
Levites prepared portions for them so
Levites prepared portions for them so all the service of the Lord was prepared
all the service of the Lord was prepared
all the service of the Lord was prepared the same day to keep the Passover and to
the same day to keep the Passover and to
the same day to keep the Passover and to offer burnt offerings on the altar of
offer burnt offerings on the altar of
offer burnt offerings on the altar of the Lord according to the command of
the Lord according to the command of
the Lord according to the command of King Josiah and the children of Israel
King Josiah and the children of Israel
King Josiah and the children of Israel who were present kept the Passover at
who were present kept the Passover at
who were present kept the Passover at that time and the feast of unleavened
that time and the feast of unleavened
that time and the feast of unleavened bread for seven days
bread for seven days
bread for seven days there have been no Passover kept in
there have been no Passover kept in
there have been no Passover kept in Israel like that since the days of
Israel like that since the days of
Israel like that since the days of Samuel the Prophet and none of the kings
Samuel the Prophet and none of the kings
Samuel the Prophet and none of the kings of Israel had kept such a Passover as
of Israel had kept such a Passover as
of Israel had kept such a Passover as Josiah kept with the priests and the
Josiah kept with the priests and the
Josiah kept with the priests and the Levites or Judah and Israel who were
Levites or Judah and Israel who were
Levites or Judah and Israel who were present and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
present and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
present and the inhabitants of Jerusalem in the 18th year of the reign of Josiah
in the 18th year of the reign of Josiah
in the 18th year of the reign of Josiah this Passover was camped after all this
this Passover was camped after all this
this Passover was camped after all this when Josiah had prepared the temple Niqo
when Josiah had prepared the temple Niqo
when Josiah had prepared the temple Niqo king of egypt came up to fight against
king of egypt came up to fight against
king of egypt came up to fight against khakha mesh by the Euphrates and Josiah
khakha mesh by the Euphrates and Josiah
khakha mesh by the Euphrates and Josiah went out against him but he sent
went out against him but he sent
went out against him but he sent messengers to him what have I to do with
messengers to him what have I to do with
messengers to him what have I to do with you king of Judah I have not come
you king of Judah I have not come
you king of Judah I have not come against you this day but against the
against you this day but against the
against you this day but against the house with which I have war for God
house with which I have war for God
house with which I have war for God commanded me to make haste refrain from
commanded me to make haste refrain from
commanded me to make haste refrain from meddling with God who was with me lest
meddling with God who was with me lest
meddling with God who was with me lest he destroy you nevertheless Josiah would
he destroy you nevertheless Josiah would
he destroy you nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him by disguised
not turn his face from him by disguised
not turn his face from him by disguised herself so that he might fight with him
herself so that he might fight with him
herself so that he might fight with him and did not heed the words of Nico from
and did not heed the words of Nico from
and did not heed the words of Nico from the mouth of God so he came to fight in
the mouth of God so he came to fight in
the mouth of God so he came to fight in the valley of Megiddo and the archers
the valley of Megiddo and the archers
the valley of Megiddo and the archers shot King Josiah
and the king said to his servants take
and the king said to his servants take me away for I am severely wounded his
me away for I am severely wounded his
me away for I am severely wounded his servants therefore took him out of that
servants therefore took him out of that
servants therefore took him out of that chariot and put him in the second
chariot and put him in the second
chariot and put him in the second chariot that he had and they brought him
chariot that he had and they brought him
chariot that he had and they brought him to Jerusalem so he died and was buried
to Jerusalem so he died and was buried
to Jerusalem so he died and was buried in one of the tombs of his father's and
in one of the tombs of his father's and
in one of the tombs of his father's and all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for
all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for
all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah Jeremiah also lamented for Josiah
Josiah Jeremiah also lamented for Josiah
Josiah Jeremiah also lamented for Josiah and to this day all the singing men and
and to this day all the singing men and
and to this day all the singing men and the singing women speak of Josiah in
the singing women speak of Josiah in
the singing women speak of Josiah in their lamentations they made it a custom
their lamentations they made it a custom
their lamentations they made it a custom in Israel and indeed they are written in
in Israel and indeed they are written in
in Israel and indeed they are written in the laments now the rest of the acts of
the laments now the rest of the acts of
the laments now the rest of the acts of Josiah and his goodness according to
Josiah and his goodness according to
Josiah and his goodness according to what was written in the law of the Lord
what was written in the law of the Lord
what was written in the law of the Lord and his deeds from first to last indeed
and his deeds from first to last indeed
and his deeds from first to last indeed they are written in the book of the
they are written in the book of the
they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah